Hey, hey, hey.
The adults are joking
How could you be a troublemaker?
It's my bad mouth
Open your mouth! Open your mouth!
But don't, I'm really a jerk
I am just an ordinary ordinary person
Just an ordinary person
Oh oh yes yes yes
It's just an ordinary boss.
Send Mr. Lin back to blessing
Then I'll go, okay, okay
Go slowly bye
Goodbye Mr. Lin
Oh my god
Scared me to death, my lord
Isn't it just a gold medal to avoid death?
Scared you like this
What do you know?
How many of you can get the gold medal of avoiding death?
Give me back
Let the people below give me peace of mind
Wait until I check it out before making another plan
Do you still want to take care of the adults?
Beat a fart
Don't you understand what I said?
Hurry up and do it
Got it, you scared me to death, Boss Lin.
Your restaurant business is really good, isn't it?
I have robbed so many customers in just a few days.
Especially the milk tea that just launched
Business is booming.
Hahaha, where is it, Boss Li?
It's not because of the location of this restaurant
Just attracted so many customers
There's something I want to discuss with you. Okay
Tell me, the rent for this restaurant
I want to go up to 3,000 taels every month
What do you think?